do you want to make more money on
Instagram are you tired of feeling
salesy like you always have to promote
something like your Instagram is a
NeverEnding advertisement and yet
despite all of that you're not really
making as many sales as you might want
well if so I totally hear you because
selling on Instagram isn't necessarily
easy and it's definitely not as easy as
it used to be Simply Having a new sale
or telling people to click the link in
your bio isn't really effective
anymore consumers especially those on
social media are constantly getting
smarter and they're constantly learning
what our little marketing tricks are and
then they know how to avoid them but
with that being said there are also two
things that consumers really do care
about when making purchases on social
media and I should say specifically on
Instagram because according to a recent
study over 70% of consumers look to
Instagram in order to inform their
purchasing decisions and those two
things that these Instagram Shoppers are
looking for is trust in the person they
are buying from and a sense of community
or relationship to the company the brand
or the individual who they're doing
business with and also it's important to
to keep in mind that Instagram is a fan
of us using their new features Instagram
often gives preferential treatment
including increased views or engagement
to people who are using their new
features and one of the newest features
on Instagram that not very many people
use and very few people are using to its
full potential is broadcast channels now
I've already done an episode of the
podcast about broadcast channels kind of
briefly explaining what they are how to
set them up and even some of the
benefits of using them so if you haven't
already you can find the link down in
the show notes or if you're watching on
YouTube you should see the link floating
somewhere up here but from a Sal and
marketing perspective broadcast channels
are absolutely awesome they're
essentially a group of Highly engaged
followers who you can have a one-way
communication with it's the same idea as
like email marketing but basically just
on Instagram and so in just a little bit
I'm going to walk you through four
actual ideas of how you can use
broadcast channels to make money on
Instagram even if you have a small
following but before we get into that
let me share with you five of my top
benefits of using broadcast channels the
first benefit is that when you set up a
broadcast channel it automatically sends
an notification to all of your followers
and that's a benefit because then you
don't have to do the extra work of
promoting it and getting people to join
the broadcast channel instead it's kind
of like if you created an email list and
then there was automatically a
notification in all of your followers
email inboxes to join the list of course
then you would have a lot of people
joining and that's kind of how it works
on Instagram as soon as you set up the
broadcast channel there's a little
notification to all of your followers
that's automatically sent out that
encourages them to join the broadcast
channel the second benefit of the
broadcast channel is increased
engagement of course the first layer of
this is just that now you have people in
an extra form of communication within
the broadcast channel and they can
interact and they can kind of respond
more or less to the messages that you're
sending out within the channel but and I
talked about this a little bit more in
the previous episode you can also use
the broadcast channel to increase your
feed engagement because you can use the
channel as a way to kind of promote
tease or just direct attention to your
Instagram feed post po the third benefit
of broadcast channels is the extremely
high open rate of Instagram Direct
messages in fact on average depending on
the study you're looking at you're going
to typically see above a 90% open rate
for Instagram Direct messages and within
our own business we've actually seen as
high as a
98% open rate for direct messages and
this extremely high open rate means
better engagement more people checking
your messages and more people responding
or acting upon whatever it is you want
them to do the fourth benefit of these
broadcast channels is feedback from your
audience we're going to get into this a
little bit more in just a second when
I'm talking about how you can use your
broadcast channel to make money but it's
essentially another way for you to
communicate with your followers and it's
a way that you can get their direct
feedback voting in polls and responding
to different questions that you may ask
them and so it's a great way to just
learn more insights about your followers
so that you can serve them better and
then the fifth benefit of broadcast
channels is that they're great for a
sense of community because it kind of
feels like a group chat and because of
that it feels very personal it feels
like you are having DM conversations
with each of these people I mean I've
been in Adam maery the CEO of Instagram
his broadcast channel for months there's
tens of thousands of people in his
broadcast channel I am not special I did
not have to be invited to join his
broadcast channel but still every time I
receive a little DM notification that I
received a new DM from Adam maery it
feels special it feels exciting and I
open his broadcast channel all right so
those are the benefits of using
broadcast channels now let me share with
you some tips for using them before we
even get into the ideas for making money
with them tip number one is to come up
with a catchy title something that's
going to create curiosity and make
people want to click even calling your
broadcast channel something like VIP
Inner Circle has more of a air about it
it has more curiosity to it than a
generic title like Brock's broadcast
channel which is I'm pretty sure what I
named mine when I first started so come
up with some sort of attention grabing
or or catchy title for your broadcast
channel because that's part of what will
be sent out to all of your followers
when you first create it that little
message that encourages them to join
will include the name of the broadcast
channel so if you can name it something
that's catchy and something that's
really going to make people curious to
learn what's going on in the channel
they're more likely to join and of
course you could always change it in the
future so you might want to start out
with something that is like click here
to join my VIP Inner Circle something
like that that really makes people want
to click and then once you have a bunch
of people join your channel you could
rename it to something more generic or
more explanatory the second tip that I
have for you with these broadcast
channels is to have a clear reason for
your followers to join like why should
someone want to join your broadcast
channel what benefits are they going to
get out of it what are you going to be
giving to them in the channel and then
the second thing is kind of part of this
is have an intention with your broadcast
channel don't just start one willy-nilly
but actually have a plan maybe you're
going to send a workout plan once a week
maybe you're going to give a daily
motivational tip of the day maybe you're
going to use it as a diary to kind of
vent about something that's going on in
your business I don't know but have an
intention with the broadcast channel so
that there's an actual structure and
strategy behind it tip number three and
I know this is one that has been very
helpful for me is to set reminders in
order to message your broadcast channel
because it's tucked away in your DMs and
because it's a relatively new form of
content it can be something that is
challenging or that we just flat out
forget to do for example you might
remember on a daily basis to post your
Instagram content or to you know engage
with people in the DMS or to post an
Instagram story but you might not always
be aware of sending new content sending
a new message in your broadcast channel
so when step two you're setting your
intention or you're creating your plan
for your broadcast channel I would
recommend adding reminders to your
calendar so that you can remember or I
guess not have to remember when it's
time to send messages within the Channel
tip number four is something that I've
learned from my own broadcast channel
and that is to stick with text based
messages rather than audio messages I
remember when I first got started it was
really tempting to you know press the
little audio button and record myself
speaking to everyone in my broadcast
channel but I quickly learned that not
everyone who's in the DMS is in a
position that they're going to want to
listen to that audio message not
everyone can and also there's no closed
captioning so it can be a little bit
hard to hear you hard to understand not
everyone's available so then they open
the DM they see it's an audio message
and they're like I can't listen to that
so then they miss it all together so
it's generally best to stick to
text-based messages all right now with
that all out of the way let's talk about
four ways that you can make money using
broadcast channels four ideas that I
have for you idea number one is sending
some sort of alerts or announcements or
reminders when you have a sale or a
popup or a promotion or a launch that's
going on again this is a very tight-knit
community of your most engaged followers
who might miss your Instagram stories
they might miss your feed posts but the
likelihood of them opening a direct
message from you is very very high so
you can use your broadcast channels in
order to make sure that these people
your biggest super fans are aware of the
product that you're launching or the
ongoing sale or promotion or whatever it
may be the second way that you can use
broadcast channels to make money is kind
of going back to what I said earlier
which is that broadcast channels are a
great way to get insights on your
audience to learn about them learn about
their pain points their struggles what
they need what they want what they don't
want and then you can serve them better
and sell to them better when you can
address someone's needs and pain points
better as an entrepreneur as a business
owner as a content creator they're more
likely to buy and become customers so
you can use your broadcast channels as a
place for audience research or as a
place to really get direct feedback from
your followers in order to help you
create better things to help them and
and then of course the actual idea here
is that you can literally sell directly
in your broadcast channel so if you're
someone who has ebooks or courses or
physical products or affiliate stuff
anything that you can sell anything that
anyone can buy online can be sold in
your broadcast channel because you can
send links and those links are clickable
you could include discount codes you
could include additional information you
can promote things directly in your
broadcast channel and you can like I
said promote things that your audience
is more likely to want or need because
you've asked them and you've gotten
their feedback first idea number three
for how to make money using broadcast
channels is not just to promote things
and not just to remind people about what
you're promoting or offering or selling
or launching but to offer exclusive
discounts or deals as an incentive or as
a reward for people who have joined your
broadcast channel so I've seen people do
this with feed posts in the past they've
told the broadcast channel hey everyone
comment the ladybug emoji on my feed
post tomorrow and it'll be kind of like
our ins side joke well you could take
this a step further and say Hey you can
comment the ladybug emoji on my post
tomorrow and I'll send you a 20% off
discount or you can make it simpler and
say if you use the discount code ladybug
on this link and then you send them the
link to your course or whatever then
you're going to get 20% off the course
and I would recommend being very clear
with them that hey this is a special
discount that's not available to anyone
outside of this group it's only
available to you because you're in my
broadcast channel and it's only going to
be active for the next 24 hours so use
it right now before I turn it off and
that's a great way to create exclusivity
and to create feelings of fomo as well
as reward the people who are your most
loyal engaged super fans and then my
fourth idea to use your broadcast
channels to make money is to have people
pay to be in your broadcast channel now
if you're just doing a normal broadcast
channel that's going to be very
difficult to do very difficult to vet
and keep track of but what you can do
instead is do a subscribers only
broadcast channel so we've done a few
episodes of building build your tribe in
the past about what Instagram
subscriptions are how to set them up how
to get more subscribers all that good
stuff I'll link those up down in the
show notes below and you can also click
up here if you're watching on YouTube
but essentially this subscriber only
group chat could be a great benefit or
perk for someone who wants to join your
Instagram subscriptions because now they
get really exclusive access they're not
just one of your super fans they're one
of your paying super fans and they have
to become a paying subscriber to your
Instagram in order to unlock access to
this subscri subcriber only broadcast
channel I hope you found these ideas
helpful a great way to make money on
Instagram and another great way is one
that I just mentioned which is Instagram
subscriptions I highly recommend
checking out some of our past episodes
about Instagram subscriptions because
it's a really great way to get
reoccurring income directly from your
Instagram thank you so much for
listening today and don't forget to
[Music]
subscribe
we